Not enough info on this page (Adding navigation) (#43500)
angular/angular: aio/content/start/start-routing.md

    <code-example header="src/app/app.module.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/app.module.ts" region="product-details-route">
    </code-example>
    

> 1. To make ProductDetailsComponent available to other components in the application, add it to AppModule's declarations in app.module.ts.

Reviewer: Since additional cleanup was requested, may I propose to add some backticks here:

```suggestion
1. To make `ProductDetailsComponent` available to other components in the application, add it to `AppModule`'s declarations in `app.module.ts`.
```

Reviewer 2: Captured in follow-up PR.
